1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
I have chosen Python library Flask and sqlite3. 

Flask is one of the lightweight modules in Python commonly used for building APIs.
It has enough community support and basic CRUD operations can be easily managed using Flask. 
For small scale applications with simple functions, it is a great choice.

sqlite3 is used for the database because of the flexibility. For small standalone applications not having multiple concurrent users 
sqlite3 can be easily be a good fit.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

The main advantage of my solution is that it can be easily setup and running with minimal effort. 
One just requires Python3 along with a few libraries like Flask and sqlite3 and it is good to run. 
There are minimal external dependencies making it very portable and easy to spin up the server.

The disadvantage is that the system is not scalable. There is no user authentication, hence anyone can access
the database making it vulnerable. Working with distributed systems or with multiple thousands of users where performance at scale 
is of importance: this system is likely to fail.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
During my undergraduate studies in a course titled Data Mining, we had to implement market basket analysis using 
Apriori and FP Tree algorithm. Given a dataset 10,000 transactions in a store,  we needed to find the most common occurring patterns which
could be useful for the customer. The challenge was that it had to be done from scratch without any library function.
These are recursive algorithms and given a huge dataset of 10,000 orders, debugging the algorithm became difficult.
Visualizing the tree, checking which subtree was not being created, traversing links of every node to reach the end
became tough because of the scale of the dataset. In addition to that, there were no references of the implementation
online. I spent multiple sleepless nights visualizing the tree in my head, braeking it into chunks and debugging. 

After burning the midnight oil, I was finally able to achieve it. We scored the highest marks in the project as no other
team was successfully able to implement it entirely. It taught me that debugging patiently, going to the root of the problem
without giving up and coffee are a few key traits everyone shouldd evelop over time. 